Sl deprecation (#4620)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/snippets/_sl-deprecation-notice.md

:::info Deprecation of dbt Metrics and the legacy dbt Semantic Layer
dbt Labs has deprecated dbt Metrics and the legacy dbt Semantic Layer, both supported on dbt version 1.5 or lower. These changes went into effect on December 15th, 2023.

> To switch over and access [MetricFlow](/docs/build/build-metrics-intro) or the re-released dbt Semantic Layer, use the [dbt Semantic Layer migration guide](/guides/sl-migration) and [upgrade your version](/docs/dbt-versions/upgrade-core-in-cloud) in dbt Cloud.

Reviewer: To make it easier to find in a search, using "migrate" might help (this way we cover `migrate` and `migration` so if the user searches either they'll have a better shot
```suggestion
To migrate and access [MetricFlow](/docs/build/build-metrics-intro) or the re-released dbt Semantic Layer, use the [dbt Semantic Layer migration guide](/guides/sl-migration) and [upgrade your version](/docs/dbt-versions/upgrade-core-in-cloud) in dbt Cloud.
```

Author: i initially had migrate but then i felt there was too much 'migrate' in the sentence.
